mck - add deprecation notice and add linkages (#310)
mongodb/mongodb-enterprise-kubernetes: README.md

> > **DEPRECATED:** This repository is no longer maintained. Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **DEPRECATED:** We will continue a best-effort support until November 2025. Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.
```

> > **DEPRECATED:** This repository is deprecated but we will continue a best-effort support until November 2025. Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **DEPRECATED:** This repository is deprecated but we will continue a best-effort support according to our [official support lifecycle](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/kubernetes-operator/current/reference/support-lifecycle/). Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.
```

> > **DEPRECATED:** This repository is deprecated but we will continue a best-effort support according to our [official support lifecycle](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/kubernetes-operator/current/reference/support-lifecycle/). Please use the new repository at [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **DEPRECATED:** The MongoDB Enterprise Kubernetes Operator is now deprecated in favor of a new replacement Operator available here [mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-kubernetes) with [official documentation here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/kubernetes-operator/current/). Existing versions of the Enterprise Kubernetes Operator remain supported until end of life dates listed here: [official support lifecycle](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/kubernetes-operator/current/reference/support-lifecycle/).
```
